 I have always loved computers and was intrigued by how software works ever since I was young. When I had my first interaction with a computer I knew I was hooked. Instead of going out playing like the other normal kids I was staying inside messaging friends through Myspace, playing online RPGs with internet friends. I initially took up Avionics Engineering in college because I thought planes were cool, but then the more I got into it I just knew it wasn't for me so I switched to Computer Engineering. 

I didn't really enjoy Computer Engineering because it was filled with a lot of math and the further I got into it I knew it just quite the fit for me. At the time my cousin was telling me about starting his own company Qwikwire and that I should try out Computer Science because if I knew how to code I can work in his company. I've always thought software was cool so I took that leap of faith and finally decided to enroll to start my coding journey! As I progressed I started my internship which then became employment in Qwikwire.

It was an amazing experience to watch the company grow and grow along with the company. I still remember some of the first products I worked on in the company and thought to myself "Wow, people are going to use what I help created" the feelings of excitement, accomplishment, and fulfillment watching the product go live made me realize I have found that right fit for my career. I know this is something that I want to end up doing as a career and grow in it. 

My dream is to eventually work at a FAANG company or work in another Startup company that is building revolutionary tech.
 
1. To land that right job for me that helps me grow the most into becoming a better developer as well as become financially stable. 

2. To learn how to take a company product idea and build it from 0 into a working product that customers can use.

3. To become more diverse as a web developer learning more about Full Stack development. Even though I have a ComSci degree I felt like my education was mostly theoretical and when I was working I was doing Front End Development. I want to transition as a Full Stack Developer/ Software Engineer to know how to build websites/applications using industry standard technologies.

The Job Search period starts on the day you are approved for completion, after having completed the above mandatory requirements. During this period:

I will apply for minimum of 4 qualifying positions per week.
I will be active in my job search and apply for jobs in the metropolitan areas every week.

I will reach out to at least 7 individuals per week.
Outreach includes emailing, LinkedIn messages, meetups and conferences.

I will conduct 2 informational interviews per month.
An informational interview may be done in person, video chat or phone call.

I will schedule career coach calls.
Schedule calls with a Springboard career coach at the frequency instructed by the coach.

I will complete 100% of the core curriculum within 9 months of your cohort start date, not including any freeze, pause, or extension granted to you by Springboard.

I will meet or exceed expectations on all core projects according to the provided rubrics. I can submit improved versions based on your mentor's feedback until you meet expectations.

I will complete and pass all career development tasks that are
(a) listed in the curriculum, in the order they appear in the curriculum,
(b) personally assigned to you by Springboard's career coaches. This includes without limitation taking all calls and mock interviews. 
